# FPL 1

Group A

1. Write a C program to compute the roots of given quadratic equation for non-zero coefficients.

2. Write a C program to calculate the sum of all positive even numbers and the sum of all negative odd numbers from the set of input numbers

3. A customer is offered 15% discount on the printed price of a laptop. The customer has to pay 7% sales tax on the remaining amount. Write a program in C to calculate the amount to be paid by the customer,

4. Write a C program to accept the length of three sides of a triangle and to test and print the type of triangle as equilateral, isosceles or right angled or none

5. Write a C program to accept cost price and sales price of an item and calculate the profit percentage or loss percentage.

6. Write a C program to find out if the number is a Pythagoras triplet. Ex a2=b2+c2

7. Write a C program to implement Euclids algorithm to find the GCD and LCM of the given two integers.

8. Write a C program to check whether input number is Prime or not.

9. Write a C program to check if (any one )
a) The number is perfect number or not. Hint: If sum of the factors (including 1 and excluding the number itself) is same as that of original number then the number is said to be perfect number.
b) The number is neon number or not. Hint: If the sum of the digits of square of the number is the number itself, then the number is said to be neon. For example- 9, Square is 81 and 8+1=9.
c) The number is Armstrong number or not. Hint: If sum of cubes of digits is equal to original number then the number is said to be Armstrong. For example- Number 153 is Armstrong number (1)3+(5)3+(3)3=153

10. Write a C program to separate digits of input 4 digit integer, separate & display its digits.

11. Write a C program to generate first 20 Fibonacci numbers.

12. Write a C program to check if the entered 3 digit number is twisted prime or not.
Hint: If the number obtained after reversing the number is also a prime then the number is twisted prime. Example 167, twisted 761, so 167 is twisted prime.

13. Write a C program to calculate the sum of all numbers from 1 to 100 that are divisible by 4

Group B

14. Write a C program to store the N data samples in an array and calculate mean, mode and median

15. Write a C program to store N numbers in an array and display only those numbers that are perfect squares

16. Write a C program to store N numbers in an array and search particular number

17. Write a C program to store N numbers in an array and display the square of each number in the array

18. Write a C program to sort the roll numbers of present students. Mark the attendance of the present students roll numbers randomly in an array.

19. Write a C program to store N numbers in an array and reverse the elements of the array

20. Write a C program to store Chemistry subject test marks of N students in an array and find the Minimum and Maximum score. Test maximum marks= 20. Your program should accept marks ranging between 0 to 20 only.

21. Write a C program to store N numbers in an array and compute the sum of all even and odd numbers in an array.

Group C

22. Write a C program to accept a string and to display the following:
(a) Total number of characters in the string
(b) Total number of vowels in the string
(c) Total number of occurrence of particular character in the string

23. Write a C program to accept a string and change the case of each character of the string. Example “ THIs Is a C Program” changes to “thiS iS A c pROGRAM”

24. Write a C program to accept a string and print the string in alphabetical order. Example COMPUTER will be CEMOPRTU

25. Write a C program to accept a string with complete name of the employee and display the string eliminating the middle word. Example “Mayur Kumar Kulkarni” would be displayed as “Mayur Kulkarni”

26. Write a C program that will check whether given string is palindrome or not.

27. Write a C program that will check whether one string is substring of other string or not.

28. Write a C program to enter a string. Frame a word by joining all the first characters of the words in the string. Example- input “Just Allow Me” will give output as “JAM”

29. Write a C program to accept a string and replace all the vowels in the string with *.

Group D

30. A class teacher wants to keep record of 10 students in the class along with the names and marks obtained in 5 subjects. Write a C program with function that displays-
a) Name of the student with highest marks in a particular subject
b) Overall percentage result of the class
c) Total number of passing students in the class
d) Total number of students failing in one subject
e) Total number of distinctions in the class

31. Write a C program to carry out following operations on strings using library functions- a) To concatenate a string S2 to string S1
b) To find the length of a given string
c) To compare two strings S1 and S2
d) To copy a string S2 to another string S1

32. Write a C program to compute the factorial of the given positive integer using function

33. Write a C program with functions to compute addition and subtraction of two matrices

34. Write a C program that stores 12 city names in a single dimensional array. Write function to display only those words that begin with a consonant and end with a vowel example- Begaluru, Mumbai

35. A mall has 5 stores and 3 departments. Write a C program with function to find the monthly sale of a particular store or department and the total monthly sale of each store and each department.

36. Write a C program that declares and initializes a double, an int and a char variable and a pointer to each of the three variables and one double pointer to store pointer address. Your program should print the address of, and value stored in, and the memory size (in bytes) of each of seven variables.

37. Write a C program with function to swap values of two elements (call by reference)